Peaches forget it
The boss can't just let them go
I'm going to die.
What do you care about these?
But the boss should let them go
Go away thank you thank you
Let's go, let's go, uh
Peaches, you can't keep a secret
Boss, it's not his fault.
It's us. We did the interview
I see.
So I chose to leave
I didn't expect to be caught by you.
You should go to a hospital.
The hospital can save you
What I told you last time
How did it go?
Lin Feng
Do you really want me to marry someone else?
Of course I don't want to.
But I can't be that selfish.
So
If you don't promise me
Let's go then.
But Lin Feng
I don't I don't go I
I don't want to be a burden to you.
And I don't want any sympathy.
Because it will only make me die faster
Go haha
Ah!
Li Feng
I promise you.
Within 10 days
We find people we can trust for life.
You can promise us to take care of you, okay?
Hahahaha
I'm going I'm going home
Go quickly
No, let's go home.